listen so I think two of the biggest
movies out of Sundance is the Zoomer
inspires Ola and the Grand Jury Prize
winning me not eat and I think both of
these will still be talked about by this
time next year let me explain
so Zola's based on roughly a 144 to 148
Twitter thread that's been called a beta
see a lesson in hoe ISM there's audio
retellings of it on YouTube fan trailers
there's an entire profile that was done
by Rolling Stone and while the movie is
adapting that article and Zola's story
it really is a literal Twitter thread
adaptation of a movie from the sounds
the framing the pacing we've seen a lot
of movies that try to showcase and
tackle text messaging on screen this
movie just goes for it it tells the tale
of zola who was waitressing in Detroit
when a sex worker named Stephanie
befriends her invites her on a Florida
trip for work and then you get this
90-minute odyssey night 24 and Sony are
distributing it but um I don't know how
they're gonna handle the MPAA with this
can I say this because a lot of the
older generation that was pulling up to
the screenings we're thinking that it
was about the poet I was her waitress in
terms of casting Taylor Paige is a star
she's been in a couple of things dating
back to a part in High School Musical 3
but she is the breakout in this like
casting directors I appreciate y'all's
work I truly believe you deserve a
category at the Oscars
so do your job and cast this woman right
here don't pull another Lupita and like
years pass before she gets her due Riley
Keough Stephanie um might be too good
calling Domingo plays the pimp who goes
by accent to accents and Nicolas Braun
went from sky high to cousin Greg and
now he's Derek and yeah Derek is pretty
lost I think in life I think he's a
vapor without a vapor you know that said
this movie is nothing without Janissa
Bravo uh I wasn't the biggest fan of the
previous movie she directed which was
also at Sundance a couple years ago but
having seen Zola twice she absorbs you
into this world there's a certain
basketball sequence where she plays with
sound in order to make the new setting
unsettling at one point she even
switches perspective to another
character but because they used reddit
to tell their story it changes the way
the movies being told and she's an
entire lookbook that I wish I could grab
for the movie since the technology and
culture of that time from 2015 it's
already considered a period piece that
said not everything is an out vote for
me in this movie I I do think the movie
still needs an ending it is taken to be
in a parallel universe in a sense with
everyone's names being altered but
considering the ending to the real story
and how the movie you know decides to
end
I do feel they could have had just a
bigger conclusion but that's just my
personal opinion
I'm still very very happy James Franco
didn't direct this and I'm even happier
that Riley Keough was cast over Bella
Thorne
this movie directed by someone else
we're Taylor and Riley are swamped and
it was very important to me in my body
to make sure that Taylor was what I
needed her to be which was subversion of
myself and that Riley was a version of
the nightmare now this one comes from a
24 in plan Brad
so the hype was through the roof now
most of us were calling it Minari
throughout the entire festival but
director Lee Isaac Chong mentioned that
it's actually pronounced me naughty it's
based on the directors childhood as the
movie follows a Korean American family
who sets up a farm in Arkansas and well
I think people left the screening loving
Alan Kim and his cowboy outfit the best
I'm not gonna like this is a this is an
ensemble the entire cast is spectacular
Steven Yeun has been an international
star from all the stuff he's done in the
States to burning to delivering one of
the best subtitle Easter eggs and bongs
okhta Han Yuri as the mother is an
anchor in cements the theming of the
movie especially with the confrontation
she has in the second half but the
grandma Yan yujeong looked at 9i and
said give me the mantle of best
grandmother year and I'm saying this
because right before our screening
started they like hyped her up a lot the
grandma was gonna be like really good in
the movie and I mean like they overhyped
her and it's still delivered so this is
me hyping her up to you but what was
really wonderful was every single actor
here was really engaged in the process
and it really felt like we were just
living and they just happened to be
filming and that was really wonderful I
know it's cliche DuBose about its
authenticity because everyone's just
trying to do that nowadays but the fact
that Lee Isaac and Steven are cousins I
think adds a lot to it after the
premiere they talked about how both of
these guys both of these men were
hugging their fathers in tears I was in
tears and then came the notes Lee Issac
head working with a 24 and Plan B what I
loved about those guys is that they are
really always on the forefront I feel
the pushing something new in cinema and
they were encouraging me hey look
make it more Korean is what is the note
I got from my first draft of the script
I'm sure most of you read that
buffoonery from Sarah and Oscar voters
who believed Best Picture needed to be
an American film even though none of the
A's and AMPAS or the words Best Picture
is staying for America what I'm curious
about is how they're going to label this
movie because last year at Sundance they
premiered The Farewell and that went all
the way to the Globes but that was
considered a foreign film even though it
wasn't the u.s. dramatic competition and
u.s. plays a big part because the
farewell wasn't just referring to the
ending but the first goodbye when she
moved to America I mean at E this is an
American family as well they're moving
to Arkansas from Cali they're running an
American farm on American soil
they're working with the Bible Belt
community and in an awkward way but
progressive nonetheless and I've never
really understood the whole set habla
English only in America considering that
our own states including Oregon saw
originate from an indigenous language
that's not English so I think it's time
some of y'all redefine what will make
something an American film because
American doesn't just mean you think
guys watching this video you should know
your thoughts about this like I said
we're gonna be covering more and more of
these individually but we do have the
whole big must watch Sundance video if
you just want to sit down for like 15
minutes and see the stuff from this
festival that you would maybe want to
play have in your radar we also have a
much longer intercut podcast episode
that i mentioned if you want to see us
cover practically every category that
was there at Sundance the next festival
that we have up is South by Southwest
I'm curious know your thoughts on all
these things again Zola I think do you
think you know when you go to a film
festival it's a lot of people who you
know know about the film festival or can
afford to go to the film festival but
like the public has yet to see these
movies and I think me natis gonna be
like just critically praised all around
but I'm very curious to see how the
younger generation not just the younger
generation but normal people on Twitter
who don't like a write for a living what
they think about Zola cuz I think it's
gonna it's gonna be huge
we all know Hollywood's are scavengers
and they don't really give a crap about
foreign filter right now they're hot and
if they can get anything that's labeled
Korean old man they're gonna take it so
if you are a Korean filmmaker this is a
PSA right now
bleed them dry pull Oh Marty Scorsese
and take that 150 mm take whatever you
can because right now with streaming
services I mentioned this in the past
everyone is just playing the content
came trying to make as much as possible
if you are a filmmaker if you have any
ideas jump on that and for the goofy ass
I just got to say this right now
especially after the Oscars and stuff I
had a lot of people telling me that 1917
should have won because I was the most
American film it's British you fools but
I guess it had war so they considered
American other than that I'm very
curious what you guys think about these
movies once they come out I believe they
are both scheduled to be coming out in
the summer unless they push them for
like awards reasons that I'm here to
know your thoughts other than that don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a six-pack of water from
the mountains